As they entered Flister Island,  They were surrounded by many soldiers. They asked “ HOW DID YOU ENTER? “
They were speaking in a different language so that’s why Their English was not too good. 

Rohan who was scared said, “ We entered …….”
Just then Rita kicked him he understood what she was directly saying then he kept quiet because he didn’t want to commit the same mistake. Dick was sure that nothing would happen as they were on the right path after all it was their gold.
Ok, so you won't tell us GOOD, friends capture them and lock them up. 
In ten minutes they were in Flister police station Prison struggling. 


For the time in the two trees, mainland fanny was going in Administration office as children were supposed to come In 1 and a half-day. So she rushed to her husband who was  so tensed to know that the FISO agents were traced in the island.

Fanny, I got to know that the FISO agents were traced said, Dad 
Please Please Jay do something Requested Fanny 
Yes I think we should deploy army you can sit for the time I’ll talk with the commissioner replied Jay ( Dick’s Father )

And then he went in another cubicle And here’s the talk with the commissioner.

Commissioner: Sir, What to do now? 

Jay: See can you deploy Airforce around the island and     	    send 2-TRSO ( 2 TREES REPUBLIC SPY ORGANISATION )
  	    To trace where children are. 
Commissioner:  Ok sir I will just send you the report in 					an hour or 2.

And walked out of the room and entered the communication room. 
Author = You may have wondered why everyone is 				working for Jay So Everyone is working for 				Jay as He is the  Chairman of The TAS 
		Which means Trees administration ServiceAnd here’s the report which was made by     Communication and Information centre.

  				Report 


FISO was roaming in the island for more than  24 hours . And their boat can carry More than 3 persons but according to Our Technologies We have detected 3 persons and TRSO says maybe Bill ,     Sam2 And John .

Children were in the Room of Robert .
And the treasure Is maybe in their hand whose’s worth is more than 24 crore Dollars that means 
70*24,00,00,000 =       1680,00,00,000 RUPEES 
That makes it around 1,680 crores Rupees .
Children were supposed to reach the two trees main land by Today as per latest information. 
TRSO IS WORKING HARD TO GET MORE INFORMATION 
                          Thanks and Regards


Please do something Jay please … Pleaded Fanny 
Don't worry Rita is with them replied dick’s Father 

 Let’s go home and Have meals because I am very hungry and they left the office and came home.

For the time Children were thinking and planing what to do in the prison just then an old man  walked In front of the children and Rita took her chance and asked uncle can you please tell us about this country ?
Yes and he started the story .

In late years there was a king named sam2 who lived in flister Island and his opponent my great grandfather Robert started old man

What your great grand father was Robert?  So who is your son ? Asked dick being suspicious

See my son's name is Jay replied old man
Just then Rita looked at dick . Dick again asked uncle what is your name ?
As dick knew his grandfather was lost 30 years ago .

See, my name is Vijay . Now can please stop this interview. Replied Vijay

Dick started to cry and said  uncle my name is Dick and my father's name is Jay that means you are my grandfather .

Ohhh...can you please tell me about about my son I have not seen him . I only know  how I have passed this 30 years asked Vijay who  moved into tears
Oh, Grandfather your son is the Chair man of TAS two trees administration service  started dick
Just then grandfather said
If he is the TAS so why he has not began the search for me in this 30 years ? Asked Vijay
Grandfather........ children were not able to answer this question
Just then Vijay  burst into crying and said I know he maybe has tried but never got success  and then he opened the Prison and said let's go to my place as now it is lunch time .
And they traveled for half an hour then they reached a place maybe forest And they climbed Vijay s tree house and settled there  and started discussing the matter.

Vijay : Now government have sealed the country so how can we escape                   now ?

Rita  :  Grandfather can you please tell us about the fight between Robert                and sam2 so that we can list all clues.

Vijay : alright now listen carefully and remember not to intrupt me ok ?                    (laughingly )
             Centuries back sam2 attacked two trees Island to earn that                            Treasure  so to decrease risk Robert  made a tunnel leading                          mainland and To flister so when sam2 attacked again Robert                        went to flister and attacked and won the region so sam2 said                        sorry and  went away .

Rohan : Very interesting...
Rita :  stupid, Grandfather  can we have our lunch because I am very very hungry

Sure but first promise me that when you will go to the mainland take me also because I am very much willing to see Jay and the whole village .
Said Grandfather.
No point of leaving you grandfather said Dick regretting on how it came in              grandfather's mind
And they were engaged in preparing food for the time In main land :

Jay I think we must appoint a detective on high salary for our personal use because Government detective is not at all responding much and there is no time to waste I am very much afraid of that idea that they are in enemies Island.
Jay had nothing to do as he know how scared fanny is so he said :
Ok I just arange a detective .

So he started to search on the web and got the contact of Mr.Willy
And when he contacted Mr.Willy he got to know that he is a proper detective which completes the project in 8 days. And he is going to come at Jay's house at 5 pm so that means in 2 hrs .
Fanny who was very thrilled started to prepare food, sweets, gifts and many more in her excitement.




                                     Mr.Willy

Mr.Willy arrived at 4:55 pm and rang the door bell and Jay opened the door. Hello Mr.Willy greeted Jay  hello Mr.jay nice to meet you replied Mr.Willy
Nice to meet you too . I expect you have read our Report  and you have  prepared your documents ? Asked Jay

Yes of course sir and presented the documents before him .
Fanny came with a tray of water and sat on a chair .

Sir, I have prepared an agreement in which you can sign. We are providing you 5 detectives who will work with me so I have also added the costing also so you can check

Detectives :   1000     and
  Tools         :    100      only

But why you have left space for currency and  -/ this symbol asked Jay
Sir it's printing issue and we are working for two trees Island so I am giving you least price as we are funded by Make-my-city a company for whom we have worked .
Ok great replied Jay
And signed on the paper

And thats where the coin dropped. Mr.Willy is not a real detective which Jay wants this one is a fraudster. This fraudster can do any thing to the agreement or make changes. And I would also like to point out that there is no such line which says "if children are found in 8 days then we would take our fees. And In the price sheet he can change the value also . And what he did he changed the value to 1000 crores dollars.
Please remember whenever you are signing an agreement or any other form please check it once by reading and ask doubt where ever you are suspicious.

Ok thank you Mr.Jay we will surely turn up in 8 days said Fraudster
Ok thank you Mr. Willy replied Jay.



                                           In flister Island


In flister island Splendid 3 were feasting with grandfather and He strictly told them not to talk about their disappearance with anyone and with each other and to think that this is a type of  Trip.
Then they started to talk about IQ  level And Rita started a competition in which they have to complete a test which was generated by certified IQ level software.  What is IQ Level ?   The intelligence quotient is called IQ Level in simple way it means power of your brain.  In a limited time whoever has a large number of IQ level will succeed so Results are in front of you    Rita's =110 
Dick   = 100   Rohan= 90   Grandfather = 87   
Albert Einstein’s IQ level was 160 and Above But the IQ LEVEL of splendid 3 including Grandfather  is 387  That means they can over come any difficulty with ease So why to take Stress?   After that dick and Rohan went to take 1 hour nap for the while Rita and Grandfather talked. Thank you Rita, You have removed their stress and mine too first I used to think my IQ was Zero but got to know that  I have some brain and not some 2 of them one right and one left said Grandfather  You are correct grandad this is a fact which our readers have received as a reward to read till here Replied Rita Author’s Note for you   Hello readers As you know you Have received 2 rewards for reading till here I would again list them for you.  1.About IQ. You can also Check yours with this software  https://www.myiqtested.com/ And in the Quiz Of this Book  you Can send you report And here you get how to do this .  Step 1 : Open this link 
Step 2 :  Complete the IQ TEST 
Step 3 : Enter your email and submit the TEST 
Step 4 : It will give you an error 
So back the page and enter email again and do the 
Same process till you get your Result 
And Send us 

2.The fact of Our brain. We have two brains right and left War,The only Chance   Rita, Do you have any idea? Asked Grandad 
Yes, Grandad I have this Stamp of Two trees administration  so we can send request of war to Flister. But  two trees never attack first right ? Asked Grandad   Grandad, When this information reaches Flister so they will send declaration letter to us ( Two trees headquarter ) And Jay uncle    will understand and carry a spy mission to protect us. Explained Rita   Supper plan well done Rita, So now we must prepare an agreement to challenge them said grandad
Hello,
Mr. Deolst ( president of Flister )

This is to inform you that our army has taken up their             position. We will be attacking your empire On this Monday. You have crossed your limit by entering in our 
Island   And We know why you have sealed your country. Message us if you have power. 
 key of world war enter this code : “ 29Fqi2”
To encourage world war. 


  			 Thanks and Regards 
   
            	      Government of War Affairs  
And Rita asked Robot to drop this message in Flister police station. And then Rohan and Dick  completed their Nap 
And sat down to listen about their plan.
After 10 mins Robot came and said :   R-I-T-A__I__H-A-V-E__P-O-S-T-E-D__T-H-A-T__L-E-T-T-E-R  ‘ Good robot ’ said Rita  ‘Dick can you list all the Possibility of our plan  for the time we can prepare snacks she said     Rita, we are on the correct path because 2 and 3 are problems which we have solved right? Asked dick  Yes we are on the correct path but let’s hope that sr.no 1  doesn't come true, Now let’s eat something I am very very hungry .     	  PART 1 : Two-Trees planning   
Flister composed an agreement and posted on the web of World war with the code of “ 29Fqi2”.Remember ? And the communication department of administration office printed that both letters. 
And Commissioner took both the letter to Jay. Who was checking records   Commissioner : Sir, Did you compose this war Notice ?  Jay                  : No, Why should I do? It is written by war affairs  ( In the 				letter 	given above ) Commissioner  :  But War affairs named department do not even exist. So how 

    


















